Lasted for 300 years, the Qing was the last dynasty of imperical China, and the prelude for the transformation of Chinese society form autocratic to modern. The flourishing age from KangxiRegion to Qianlong Region was the most glamorous part at the end of Chinese fedual period. The Qing Dynasty went through the splendor in the 18th century and the recession in the 19th century. It witnessed uprisings of social revolution and turbulence over time, leaving behind a memorable painting scroll of history rich in colors and tastes.
Though the Qing Dynasty has faded in history, its court life, featured with unique historical characteristic, is still compelling to today's people. The ceremonial regualtion, religious belief, luxurious furnishings, elegant scholar artifacts and delicate daily utensils of the dynasty are preserved. They are not only the result of Chinese classification regualtion, political system, ideology, technology, academy and arts that has been cultivated for thousands of years, but also the representation of the rich Chinese traditional   culture. The extremity of the perfection shows through the variety of types and materials, elegant shapes and sophisticated skills. The precious objects reflect the superior dignity of imperial power, the luxurious manner of the royal family and the exquisite aesthetic taste.
Nanjing Museum, the successor of the National Museum of China in the Republic Reriod(1912-1949), has a remarkable collection od court art. The collection was originally from the Qing imperial palacghe, Fengtian Palace( Shenyang Imperical Palace), and Rehe Palace(Chengde Imperical Summer Palace), and finally settled in the museum after traveling 10 years in Yunnan and Sichuan Provinces during the Second World. It contains artifacts of various categories and numerous styles. By displaying different aspects of the Qing Dynasty court life, the exhibition is not only a presentation of the preference and aesthetic taste of the Qing emperors but also a condensed sample of human culture that shows the wisdom and creativity of Chinese people.
Life skills are very important and by doing voluntary work, students can learn how to compete fairly 
communicate with others and work in a team but also how to manage their time and improve improve healthcare services and should can have more flexible and make    